flower mounds Waterford Drive is lined
with well manicured $300,000 homes so
when a new neighbor moved in without the
usual sale mortgage paying homeowners
had a few questions what paperwork is it
and how is it legally binding if he
doesn't legally own the house he just
squats there Leigh Lowry and her husband
told me the house down the street was in
foreclosure for more than a year the
owner walked away then the mortgage
company went out of business
apparently that opened the door for
someone to take advantage of the
situation
Kenneth Robinson told us he's no
squatter he says he moved in on June
17th after months of research about a
Texas law called adverse possession this
is a not a normal process but is not a
process does not know it's just not
known to everybody Robinson says this
piece of paper gives him rights to the
house it's an online form he printed out
and filed at the Denton County
Courthouse for $16 it says the house was
abandoned and he's claiming ownership I
went through look at and added some
things here filming for my own
protection the house is virtually empty
just a few pieces of furniture no
running water or electricity but
Robinson says just by setting up camp in
the living room Texas law gives him
exclusive negotiating rights with the
original owner if the owner wants him
out he would have to pay off his massive
mortgage debt and the bank would have to
file a complicated lawsuit Robinson
believes neither is likely so if he
stays in the house after three years he
can ask the court for the title that's
your goal eventually is to have title of
this home to be the owner of this
hospital and oh no record you know at
this point you know since opposition I
am Robinson posted no trespassing signs
after neighbors asked police to arrest
him for breaking in the flower mound
officers say they can't remove him from
the property because home ownership is a
civil matter not criminal Lowry and her
neighbors continue to look for legal
ways to get him out or if he wants to
house by the house like everyone else
had to get the money by the house
Robinson says he's not buying anything
as far as he's concerned the 330
dollar home is already his and he has
the paperwork to prove it
Casey Norton Channel 8 News